Note that changes to licensing are controversial (#4975)
bevyengine/bevy: README.md

Some of the engine's code carries additional copyright notices and license terms due to their external origins.
These are generally BSD-like, but exact details vary by crate:
If the README of a crate contains a 'License' header (or similar), the additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to that crate will be listed.
The above licensing requirement still applies to contributions to those crates, and sections of those crates will carry those license terms.
The [license](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-license-and-license-file-fields) field of each crate will also reflect this.
For example, [`bevy_mikktspace`](./crates/bevy_mikktspace/README.md#license-agreement) has code under the Zlib license (as well as a copyright notice when choosing the MIT license).

The [assets](assets) included in this repository (for our [examples](./examples/README.md)) typically fall under different open licenses.
These will not be included in your game (unless copied in by you), and they are not distributed in the published bevy crates.
See [CREDITS.md](CREDITS.md) for the details of the licenses of those files.

### Your contributions

> Unless you explicitly state otherwise,

Reviewer: I still think this should stay directly after "at your option", however I don't want to block on that.

Reviewer: But it's nonstandard, and it's directly related to the "at your option".

> at your option. This means you can select the license you prefer! This dual-licensing approach is the de-facto standard in the Rust ecosystem and there are [very good reasons](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues/2373) to include both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at your option, except as otherwise noted (below and/or in individual files).
```
(I think we should probably use the exact wording as in https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/main/COPYRIGHT#L16-L19, except GitHub doesn't let me suggest that far up the document)

That is, this note should be added at the start of this section

> Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted

Reviewer: I think we should leave this here (without any new line breaks). We should move the 

> This means you can select the license you prefer! This dual-licensing approach is the de-facto standard in the Rust ecosystem and there are [very good reasons](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues/2373) to include both.

section to either above or below.

> Some small sections of the engine's code fall under an additional MIT-compatible open source license due to their external origins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the engine's code carries additional copyright notices and license terms (due to their external origins).
These are generally BSD-like, but exact details vary by crate:
```
(We need to be thinking about `bevy_html_colours` here, once that gets made/cleared up)

> This information will be listed in the README of each crate if it forms the basis of a large section of the crate (such as for [`bevy_mikktspace`](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/crates/bevy_mikktspace/README.md)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the README of a crate contains a 'License' header (or similar), the additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to that crate will be listed.
The above licensing requirement still applies to contributions to those crates, and sections of those crates will carry those license terms.
The [license](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-license-and-license-file-fields) field of each crate will also reflect this.
For example, [`bevy_mikktspace`](./crates/bevy_mikktspace/README.md#license-agreement) has code under the Zlib license (as well as a copyright notice when choosing the MIT license).
```

> or will be listed directly in the source as a comment, in the case of small snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I hope there are no small snippets not following the above requirements.

Potentially apart from the `Color` constants, which we're going to fix.

> The [assets](assets) included in this repository for testing purposes typically fall under different open licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [assets](assets) included in this repository (for our [examples](./examples/README.md)) typically fall under different open licenses.
These will not be included in your game (unless copied in by you), and they are not distributed in the published bevy crates.
```

> See [CREDITS.md](CREDITS.md) for the details of the licenses of those files.

Reviewer: We should ensure that this reflects all of the assets licenses.

Author: Agreed. I'd personally prefer just keeping a CSV.

Author: Punting this for future work.

> Finally, Bevy relies on the excellent work done by our [many open source dependencies](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/Cargo.toml), each of which is licensed under their own corresponding MIT-compatible licenses.

Reviewer: Technically true, but this isn't direclty relevant to bevy's own licensing.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

### Assets

> Some of the [assets](assets) included in this repository for testing purposes fall under different open licenses.

Reviewer 2: Agreed!
